# Eight-Puzzle

The Eight Puzzle is a 3 by 3 grid with eight sliding tiles and a blank tile. Each sliding tile is numbered from 1 to 8 with no tiles
repeating. The Eight Puzzle is given an initial state which has a random arrangement of the tiles. The goal of this Eight Puzzle program is 
to rearrange all the tiles with the blank tile at the top left position followed by the sliding tiles in sequential order, so after the 
blank tile, the next tile would be 1, then 2, and so on until the 8 tile at the bottom right corner of the grid. This program has five 
classes: Board, State, Searcher, Eight_Puzzle, and Timer. 

The Board class generates and represents the Eight Puzzle grid. Its methods lay the foundation of the program and can perform rudimentary 
tasks, such as moving the blank tile by one tile in any direction (NESW). 

The State class represents a state in the state-space search tree of the Eight Puzzle. The class imports the Board class. A state in the 
Eight Puzzle is the current arrangement of the tiles in the Eight Puzzle. The initial state is the first arrangement of the Eight Puzzle 
after it has been generated by the program. The goal state is the final arrangement in which all the tiles in the Puzzle has been sorted 
correctly. The State class methods include a method that checks if the current state is the goal state and another method that can generate 
all the successor states of the current state. 

The Searcher class perform random state-space search on an Eight Puzzle and is a superclass of classes forother state-space search 
algorithms. It imports the State class and the Board class via State. 
